feat: tokenizers (#407)
yetone/avante.nvim: README.md

  "yetone/avante.nvim",
  event = "VeryLazy",
  lazy = false,

>   build = true, -- optional, this requires cargo.

Reviewer: This works if I set it to `build = "build.lua"`, but neither `build = true` nor `build = "AvanteBuild"` does. Regarding the latter, I suspect it is because the custom commands have not yet been loaded into Lua.

Reviewer: I retract my earlier statement. `build = "build.lua"` is also ineffective; it simply prints the command without producing an error.

Reviewer: I managed to find out the error information:

 > -File 形式参数的实际参数"Build.ps1"不存在。请提供现有".ps1"文件的路径，作为 -File 形式参数的一个实际参数。

Translation: 

> The actual parameter for the -File form parameter "Build.ps1" does not exist. Please provide the path to an existing ".ps1" file as an actual parameter for the -File form parameter.

So the problem is the path.

Reviewer: I try to print the build_directory and get nil value.

Reviewer: Now it works with manually dispatch AvanteBuild, but still buggy with build option

Author: it seems like for lazyvim to stream the output from build.lua

Author: thanks for the feedback I will updated accordingly.

Author: Actually I think I know why it doesn't stream the log. Might have to do with `vim.system` being async.

Author: https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim/blob/077102c5bfc578693f12377846d427f49bc50076/lua/lazy/manage/task/plugin.lua#L72

Plug 'zbirenbaum/copilot.lua'

" Yay
Plug 'yetone/avante.nvim', { 'branch': 'main', 'do': ':AvanteBuild', 'on': 'AvanteAsk' }
```

> [!important]
>

> > For `tiktoken` to work, make sure to call `require('avante_lib').load()` somewhere when entering the editor.

Author: ```suggestion
> For `avante.tokenizers` to work, make sure to call `require('avante_lib').load()` somewhere when entering the editor.
```
